Allow overriding defaults from a file (#59)
rogiervandergeer/pydargs: README.md

- A union of multiple dataclasses, that in turn contain fields of supported types,
  which will be parsed in [Subparsers](#subparsers).

## Overriding defaults from a file

Pydargs can also consume values from a JSON- or YAML-formatted file. To enable

> this, pass `load_from_config=True` to the `parse` function, which will add a `--config-file`

Reviewer: `--config-file` doesn't match the example below which has `--file`

Author: Good catch. Fixed

command line argument. If provided, the values from this file will override the defaults
of the dataclass fields. Any command line arguments passed will override the
defaults provided in the file.

For example, with the following contents in `defaults.json`:

```json
{
  "a": 1,
  "b": "abc"
}
```

then running this code

```python
from dataclasses import dataclass
from pydargs import parse

@dataclass
class Config:
  a: int = 2
  b: str = "def"

if __name__ == "__main__":

>   config = parse(Config, load_from_config=True)

Reviewer: I think this variable name should relate to a file e.g. `load_defaults_from_file` or `load_from_config_file` or `load_from_file`

Author: I agree that `load_from_config_file` would be a better name. But as this argument only adds the argument, would `add_config_file_argument` or `allow_config_file` be better? Or do you have further suggestions?

Reviewer: I like both better than what you had 👍 I'll let you decide 😄

Author: Done. `add_config_file_argument` it is

  If you must add a default, for example for instantiating your dataclass elsewhere, do `config: Config = field(default_factory=Config)`, assuming that all fields in `Config` have a default.
- Nested dataclasses can not be positional (although _fields of_ the nested dataclass can be).
- Argument names must not collide. In the example above, the `Base` class should not contain a field named `config_field_a`.
- When reading [defaults from a file](#loading-defaults-from-file), the data inside the file may be nested like the dataclasses as well as flat with prefixes.
  E.g. `{"config": {"field_b": "xyz"}` has the same effect as `{"config_field_b": "xyz"}`. Pydargs will raise an

>   exception in the case of collisions between these alternatives.

Reviewer: It's unclear to me when the exception will raise

1) When using different formats, regardless of whether they are about the same field
2) When using different formats, when they are modifying the same field

Author: Would this be better?
```suggestion
  exception in the case of collisions between keys in alternative formats.
```

Reviewer: Yes, better!
